--- Starting RAG Pipeline ---
Initializing LLM: llama3.2:latest...
LLM initialized.
Initializing embedding model: all-minilm:22M...
Embedding model initialized.
Loading vector store from 'chroma_db/' and collection 'ESP5G-DER'...
Vector store loaded.
Creating query engine...
Query engine created.

--- Making Query ---
Question: Describe the detailed data model and interaction flow involved in creating and managing an individual traffic influence subscription via the NEF Northbound Interface, including the roles of HTTP methods and associated data structures.


--- Response ---
An individual traffic influence subscription is encapsulated by a set of parameters that dictate how data traffic should be routed based on contextual and temporal factors. The use of PUT and PATCH methods enables both complete replacement and partial modification of existing configuration attributes, while DELETE operations allow termination of subscription lifecycles.

In the context of creating and managing an individual traffic influence subscription via the NEF Northbound Interface, a complex structured type such as TrafficInfluSub is used to represent the subscription object. This type includes hierarchical elements that specify address endpoints (IPv4/IPv6), flow descriptors, temporal validity intervals, and notification destinations.

The creation process involves sending a POST request with the TrafficInfluSub object in the request body, along with expected parameters such as policy attributes, device context, or service-level objectives. Upon successful creation, the NEF responds with an HTTP status code indicating success, along with a response body containing the newly created subscription object.

When modifying an existing subscription, a PATCH request is sent to the subscription endpoint, carrying only the modified configuration attributes. This approach allows for partial updates and minimizes the impact on ongoing network operations. In case of termination, a DELETE operation is employed to remove the subscription from the system.

Throughout this process, the HTTP methods are instrumental in defining the interaction flow between the AF and NEF. The use of specific HTTP status codes, data structures, and compliance with 3GPP-defined error-handling conventions ensures accurate and reliable communication between the two entities.

As a result, the creation and management of individual traffic influence subscriptions through the NEF Northbound Interface enable fine-grained customization of how traffic paths are resolved based on predefined policies, device context, or service-level objectives. This facilitates efficient exposure of network functions that govern routing influences, ultimately supporting optimized application-optimized service delivery in various 5G environments.

--------------------

